my favorite business hack in business
you need to generate a lot of demand to
generate income whatever it is whether
it's leads or visitors you just need
demand but how do you create the demand
when you don't have the marketing
dollars maybe compared to your
competitors
it's simple and what's crazy about it is
i don't get why other people don't do
this on a regular basis this is one of
the cornerstones to my marketing so
here's a hack you give away something
small that everyone is used to paying
for and you sell those people on
something that's much bigger
here's an example you know about uber
says right uber says is the seo tool on
yourtel.com check it out you can put it
in a keyword a website url it'll tell
you your traffic your backlinks your
mistakes that you're making on your seo
errors even your competition
did you know that that product is mainly
for free sure there's some paid features
but 95 plus percent of that product is
free
do you know how i give away most the
tool for free and why my competitors
charge 99 a month for theirs why is that
it's because there's more money in
marketing services than there is in
marketing software hubspot is probably
the biggest marketing tool out there and
they do a bit over a billion dollars a
year in revenue on the flip side
densu wpp omnicom these are all
marketing service providers you may have
not even heard of some of them they each
roughly generate 10 plus billion dollars
in revenue in other words there's not a
lot of hubspots but there's a lot of
marketing agencies that generate a ton
of money
so by giving away software for free it
generates thousands and thousands of
leads per month and then you sell users
on something bigger try it you just have
to figure out what to give away for free
and what you can sell to each of those
people
that is much bigger that can generate
you way more revenue now make sure
whatever you give away for free is super
valuable and everyone else charges for
it and ideally they charge a lot of
money for it and make sure you can
upsell those people into something
bigger
for example i can't give away free
payroll software and upsell everyone on
marketing people who buy payroll
software aren't really interested in
marketing services so they have to be
related and if you're wondering why i do
this is because it's cheaper to give
away something for free than it is to
pay for the marketing
every year marketing continually gets
more expensive and i see this trend
continuing in the future
so might as well just get ahead of the
trend and figure out how to organically
drive those visitors without having to
pay for them or paying an arm to leg and
that's usually by giving away something
for free that people typically charge
for and you can do this in both b2c and
b2b a great example of this is aura
brush used to offer a tongue cleaner for
free
and by doing this they create a lot of
demand then they upsell people into like
teeth whitening and tooth care and tooth
brushes and they made enough money they
were successful they eventually sold the
business why it was cheaper to give away
something for free than it was to
pay for the marketing on google ads or
seo or any other form of marketing now
if you need help trying to figure out
hey how do i come up with something for
free like this
check out my ad agency np digital where
we help people with this as well as help
them grow their traffic through other
channels or if you just have any
questions and you want a spitball leave
a comment below i'm here to help if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much